README.md, before:

# Cigarette Control

A Flutter application to control the cigarrette problem.

![Detail](https://github.com/feragusper/CigaretteControl/workflows/Build/badge.svg)

Follow Us
-----------------
 - [Google Play] (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.feragusper.cigarrette_control)

Screenshots
-----------------
![Detail](/etc/list.png?raw=true)
![Detail](/etc/stats.png?raw=true)

Support
-----------------
If you've found an error in this project, please file an issue: https://github.com/feragusper/CigaretteControl/issues

Patches are encouraged, and may be submitted by forking this project and submitting a pull request through GitHub.

Contribute
----------
Pull requests are welcome.

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

Build Configuration
-------------------
This project was build using Flutter

Release
-------
In order to make an Android release build it's necessary to:
 - Create a signature in android/buildsystem/key.jks
 - Run flutter build apk --split-per-abi --no-shrink
 - Create a properties file in andrid/buildsystem/key.properties with the values storePassword, keyPassword, keyAlias, storeFile

Architecture
------------
This project follows architecture guidelines that are based on [Firestore Redux Sample] (https://github.com/brianegan/flutter_architecture_samples/tree/master/firestore_redux). 

Libraries and tools included
----------------------------
- Redux
- Firestore
- Intl

Licensing
---------
Please see the file called LICENSE.

Commit message:

- version changed to 1.1.0+3 - how to change version added to README

README.md, after:

# Cigarette Control

A Flutter application to control the cigarrette problem.

![Detail](https://github.com/feragusper/CigaretteControl/workflows/Build/badge.svg)

Follow Us
-----------------
 - [Google Play] (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.feragusper.cigarrette_control)

Screenshots
-----------------
![Detail](/etc/list.png?raw=true)
![Detail](/etc/stats.png?raw=true)

Support
-----------------
If you've found an error in this project, please file an issue: https://github.com/feragusper/CigaretteControl/issues

Patches are encouraged, and may be submitted by forking this project and submitting a pull request through GitHub.

Contribute
----------
Pull requests are welcome.

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

Build Configuration
-------------------
This project was build using Flutter

Release
-------
In order to make an Android release build it's necessary to:
 - Create a signature in android/buildsystem/key.jks
 - Create a properties file in andrid/buildsystem/key.properties with the values storePassword, keyPassword, keyAlias, storeFile
 - Change the version by modifying the version property in pubspec.yml (versionName+versionCode)
 - Run flutter build apk --split-per-abi --no-shrink

Architecture
------------
This project follows architecture guidelines that are based on [Firestore Redux Sample] (https://github.com/brianegan/flutter_architecture_samples/tree/master/firestore_redux). 

Libraries and tools included
----------------------------
- Redux
- Firestore
- Intl

Licensing
---------
Please see the file called LICENSE.
